SR2025 January check-in email (#204)
srobo/team-emails: SR2025/2025-01-15-check-in.md

---
to: SR2025 teams

> subject: Student Robotics 2025 {TLA} January Check-in

Reviewer: Suggestion: Much of this email is actually reminding teams. The subject should reflect that.

Author: Thanks, however the subject of this email reflects the focus of the email. This is a 1:1 personalised check-in email aiming to get a view on the status of teams, much like the ones earlier in the year.

The reminders are secondary (even if they form a large part of the text).

---

Hi {PrimaryGivenName},

Happy New Year!

Just wanted to check in on how your team is doing?

It would be great to hear what your team is currently working on and if there's
anything you'd like a hand with.

A couple of quick reminders for the next few weeks:

> * if you'd like to come to the [Cambridge Tech Day][cambridge-tech-day] on

Reviewer: Suggestion: Given the number of sign-ups we've had, it's probably worth including more details on the tech day, get more people engaged.

Author: Agree we could do more to illicit sign-ups, however this email is not that. (See discussion around the subject line).

Author: Given the focus of this email being the check-in, the other parts are deliberately fairly brief. In that context, it is completely reasonable to omit further details. (Details and brevity are usually opposing forces, we need to draw a line somewhere. For what this email is, it is a deliberate choice to move that line in favour of brevity. We can and will send other emails with more details about the Tech Days).

>   Saturday please [let us know][tech-day-signup] this week

Reviewer 2: This sounds like we're not going to send this until the week of the tech day. This is really too close to be useful to them.

Author: Why not? This isn't the primary comms about the tech day. Do you think we should drop this?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* if you'd like to come to the [Cambridge Tech Day][cambridge-tech-day] on
  Saturday 25th January, please [let us know][tech-day-signup] by the 17th.
```

Author: Please see other discussion about details vs brevity and consider the intended (personal, colloquial) tone of this email. Given those factors these additional details are deliberately being omitted.

Reviewer 2: If we aren't going to make the tech day a focus of this email then we need to send out an email advertising the tech day this week.

Author: ```suggestion
* if you'd like to come to the [Cambridge Tech Day][cambridge-tech-day] next
  Saturday please [let us know][tech-day-signup] this week
```

* the second [Challenge Deadline][challenge-deadline] is also coming soon -- get
  your submissions in by 6pm Saturday 25th to earn another 6 league points

Thanks,\

> Peter

Reviewer: Issue: In the past, we've intentionally avoided personally signing our names on emails from `teams@`, since really the emails are from the organisation.

Author: For mass-emails yes, however for replies I've noticed we do tend to. This email is intended to feel like a direct email (even though it's templated) in order to try to get more responses to the core question of how they're doing.
